ASSIGNMENT 1: TOTAL MARKS - 25 (5% of final mark) HD Excellent Reflects the highest level of performance D Good Reflects a mastery of what is required C Average Basic understanding of what is required. P Poor Reflects the beginnings of understanding what is required N Unacceptable Fails to identify what is required
DOCUMENTATION and INTERVIEW: Total marks - 15
Documentation (3)
● Very well-prepared Interview Agenda, and very good and detailed Interview Record (Summary).
● Good Interview Agenda and Interview Record (Summary)
● Reasonable Interview Agenda and Interview Record (Summary)
● Poor Interview Agenda and very brief Interview Record (Summary)
● Very poor Interview Agenda and Interview Record (Summary)
Interview Structure & Professionalism (5)
● Identifiable structure is present. The interview is conducted in a purposeful, interesting, and effective manner and remains focused with all questions logically sequenced.
● Interview makes full, effective use of time and stays within time parameters.
● Identifiable structure is present. The interview is conducted in a purposeful manner with a few questions that are not logically sequenced.
● Interview meets set time parameters.
● Identifiable structure is present. The interview is conducted in a purposeful manner with a few questions that are not logically sequenced.
● Interview falls slightly outside set time parameters.
● Identifiable structure is present initially, but is lost, and the questions do not follow any logical sequence. Some questions deviate completely from the topic.
● Interview falls outside set time parameters, and has to be stopped.
● Little or no structure present. Interview is confusing; no logical sequence of ideas; frequently off topic.
● Interview falls well outside set time parameters, and has to be stopped.
● Language and delivery are professional. Recognises type of client and manages the client behaviour effectively.
● Language and delivery are mostly professional. Recognise type of client, and attempt to manage their behaviour.
● Language and delivery are mostly professional. Partial recognition of type of client and attempts to manage their behaviour.
● Language and delivery are not professional. Appears to recognise type of client, but no attempt to manage their behaviour.
● Language and delivery are not professional. Does not recognise the type of client, nor attempts to manage their behaviour.

REPORT PRESENTATION AND TEAM ASSIGNMENT PROJECT MANAGEMENT (Total marks - 2)
● Title page (Assignment title, team member names etc.), Table of Contents, Page numbers etc.
● Well formatted and presented – headings, sub-headings are consistent, diagrams are clear etc.
● Trello board – Completed tasks reflected on Trello board, including deadlines, team member tasks allocations etc.
FeedbackFruits – Self and Peer Assessment
Each student will rate their own performance and that of their team members for Assignment 1 across the following 5 key areas of team:
Contributing to the team's work, Interacting with teammates, Keeping the team on track, Expecting quality and Having relevant knowledge, skills and abilities.
The overall rating received by each team member will be used to adjust their individual mark using the team assignment mark as the baseline.
The individual assignment mark can be scaled up by up to 10% (or the maximum mark available for the assignment), or can be scaled down to 0 marks for the assignment – there is no percentage limit to scaling down.