ASSIGNMENT INFORMATION
Due Dates:
Assignment 1 – Requirements Gathering Due – Interview: Will be held in Week 5 Applied session
 Due – Report: Sunday 6 April 2025, 4:30pm
Self and Peer Assessment 1 Due: Monday 7 April 2025, 4:30pm
Group Assignment: You will complete this assignment in your allocated team. If you do not have a
team allocation, please contact your tutor urgently.
IMPORTANT NOTE: You will receive an individual mark for this assignment, based on your group
mark, which will be moderated based on the FeedbackFruits peer assessment and tutor observation.
All team members must complete the self and peer assessment for the assignment. Failure to
complete the peer assessment by the due date will most likely result in a fail mark for the
assignment.
Value:
Assignment 1 is worth 5% of the final mark.
Aims:
This assignment will give you the opportunity to practice your analytical, communication and
teamwork skills. Specifically, it will help you:
● Identify the business requirements for a system using data gathering techniques
● Develop your interview skills
● Identify and analyse relevant stakeholders in a project
Outline:
You have been given the task of gathering information and analysing stakeholders for the
development of an information system for the Luxe Fashion Store.
Assessment criteria:
A detailed marking scheme is available in the Assignment section on Moodle. We highly recommend
reviewing the marking scheme before commencing the assignment.
Getting help:
Students are encouraged to post questions about the assignment and the system on the Ed
Discussion forum – Assignment 1 section. We will have an FAQs post pinned in the Assignment 1
section. Please read the FAQs and the Assignment 1 forum before posting your question, as your
question may have already been answered. Please do not post answers for staff to review on the
forum.
NOTES:
● Some of the posts (either from students or staff) could form extra requirements from your
client and if so, please include them in your Assignment 1 Report.
● Staff will make every attempt to answer questions promptly – NOT necessarily immediatel

Planning and management:
Assignment planning and management must be done using your Trello Kanban project
management tool. To assist with setting up your team for success, and the steps for managing an
assignment, please refer to the ‘Organising your team for success & Assignment planning
document’ available in the Additional information and resources section in Moodle.
Extensions:
Due to the assignment structure, late submissions will not be accepted, as solutions might often be
released straight after the due date. However, if there are extenuating circumstances, please
contact your campus lecturer.
Submission process:
● Assignment 1 should only be submitted once via Moodle, by a single member of the team.
Please note that the similarity detection software Turnitin will be enabled.
● If there are multiple files, please merge them into a single pdf file.
● The file name of the submission should follow this format:
• FIT2001_Assignment1_Team[yourTeamID].pdf
• e.g. FIT2001_Assignment1_Team96.pdf
● All team members are responsible for the final submission, and therefore every team member
should be involved throughout and should review the final version prior to its submission.
● Each team member must accept the declaration statement on Moodle. Failure to do so will
result in your assignment not being submitted correctly, and thus not being marked.
● How to submit:
To submit the assignment - ONE TEAM MEMBER
● Click on 'Assignment 1 - Requirements Gathering Submission'
● To submit a pdf copy of the assignment - click on 'Add submission'
● Click on 'Submit Assignment'
● When at the digital coversheet 'Confirm Submission' statement
● Tick the 'I accept student statement' box, click on 'Continue'
To confirm submission - MUST BE DONE BY ALL OTHER TEAM MEMBERS, otherwise the
assignment submission will not be finalised
● Click on 'Assignment 1 - Requirements Gathering Submission'
● Click on 'Submit Assignment'
● When at the digital coversheet 'Confirm Submission' statement
● Tick the 'I accept student statement' box, click on 'Continue'
Once all team members have gone through this process, the assignment is successfully submitted. 

ASSIGNMENT REQUIREMENTS
This assignment will help you understand the business requirements of the system desired by the
Luxe Fashion Store.
Interview (References: Seminar 3, Sample Interview Video and Applied 4 Support Material)
You will conduct an interview with your client – Taylor (they/them), who looks after Luxe Fashion
Store (this role will be played by your tutor) during a time organised with your tutor in the Week 5
Applied session.
Using the preliminary system description (see Appendix A), teams need to prepare for the
interview. All team members need to be present and actively ask questions during the
interview. Taylor has approx. 10 minutes for the interview.
Stakeholder Analysis (References: Seminar 2 and Applied 3 Support Material)
● Identify the stakeholders in the proposed system.
● Analyse each stakeholder, and place in the relevant quadrant of a power/level of interest matrix.
● Briefly explain your matrix placement decision for each stakeholder.
ASSIGNMENT DELIVERABLES
Assignment 1 should be submitted in a Report format – See Assignment 1: FAQs for format details in
Ed Discussion.
The report should include:
– Interview Deliverables
- Interview Agenda
- Interview Record/Summary – This is not a ‘word for word’ transcript of the
interview, but a summary of all the key business functional and non-functional
requirements (i.e., quality requirements) described during the interview. It is used
by the client to confirm that you have understood their requirements.
– Stakeholder Analysis (Note: This is not part of the interview)
- A completed power/level of interest matrix.
- Discussion of your reasoning behind the placement decision in the matrix for each
stakeholder.
– Assumptions
Please note any assumptions you have made about the case study – it is perfectly fine to
have none.
FeedbackFruits - Self and Peer Assessment
The system will only open for one day after the due date of the assignment, so that you can
adequately reflect on your own performance and that of your team members. Failure to complete
the peer assessment by the due date will most likely result in a failed assignment.

Appendix A – Luxe Fashion System
Preliminary System Description (Brief Information)
Luxe Fashion Store has been operating since 2015, and is operated by Taylor Woo
(they/them). Taylor has hired a part-time staff to help with the business during busy periods.
Taylor has provided the following preliminary information about the system they would like
you to build and is looking forward to meeting your development team at the first interview
you have organised.
___________________________________________________________________________
Luxe Fashion is my fashionable handbags and accessories store located at Melbourne Road,
Melbourne. We specialise in seconds, pre-owned and well-known Brand and Vintage
handbags and accessories (such as LV (Louis Vuitton), Chanel, Hermes and many more).
Over time, we have developed a broad and loyal customer base, with most of our customers
aged 25-60, who return to our store regularly. We have also developed a strong presence in
the local area and undertake a range of advertising and marketing initiatives (such as print
advertisement, direct SMS communication, Instagram, Facebook and visual merchandising of
our windows) to further build and engage our customer base. We have also established good
manual internal business processes, but feel that the timing is right to automate some of our
processes as many of the things we do are very time consuming.
We take stock from two types of clients - individual clients who want to sell their second-hand
bags and accessories etc., and business clients who want to sell out-of-season stock. We take
their stock on consignment (meaning we take responsibility for selling their stock) for 8
weeks, and take a commission on any sales made. The stock is currently managed manually.
For the new system, we want to focus on automating most of (if not all) the processes
associated with the stock. This includes automating processes such as:
● trying to source new stock from our existing clients,
● entering new stock into the system,
● marking down of stock’s price if it does not sell,
● entering the outcome of any sales (including paying the client),
● returning stock to clients if it does not get sold in the 8-week period, and
● donating to the Salvos if clients do not come to pick up their stock (or if they choose
this outcome in advance).
I would like the new system to help me manage these processes, so I know exactly where I
am with stock at any given time. 