ASSIGNMENT INFORMATION
Title: Requirements Modelling & Documentation
Due Dates:
Assignment 2 – Requirements Modelling &
Documentation
● Story Mapping Workshop & Draft User
Story Map & User Stories
● Final User Story Map & User Stories
● Final Report

 Due: At time organised with your Tutor in
 Week 7 – meeting must be completed
 by 23 April
Due: Sunday, 4 May, 4:30pm
Due: Sunday, 4 May, 4:30pm
Self and Peer Assessment 2 Due: Monday, 5 May, 4:30pm
Group Assignment: You will complete this assignment in your allocated team.
IMPORTANT NOTE: You will receive an individual mark for this assignment, based on your group
mark which will be moderated based on your team’s peer assessment and tutor observation. All
team members must complete the self and peer assessment for the assignment. Failure to complete
the peer assessment by the due date will most likely result in a fail mark for the assignment.
Value:
Assignment 2 is worth 25% of the final mark.
Aims:
This assignment will give you the opportunity to practise your data gathering, analytical, modelling,
documentation and communication skills. Specifically, it will help you:
● Identify and confirm user requirements for a system accurately using data gathering
techniques
● Develop your modelling/documentation skills to describe user requirements using user story
maps, user stories, use case diagrams and activity diagrams
● Identify and describe data requirements for a system accurately and completely using
domain modelling
Assignment outline:
You have been given the task of gathering and documenting the requirements for a new information
system for Luxe Fashion Store.
Assessment criteria:
A detailed marking scheme is available in the Assignment 2 submission on Moodle. We highly
recommend reviewing this document before commencing the assignment.
Assignment planning and management:
Assignment planning and management must be done using the Trello Kanban project management
tool. Failure to actively use Trello will result in a reduction in your Team Assignment Project
Management mark.

Getting help:
A sub-category called Client Communication (under Assignments category) is created in the Ed
Discussion forum for you to communicate with the client (Taylor Woo). Please post your questions
(relating to Luxe Fashion Store business) for the client here.
Any other questions (not relating to the Luxe Fashion Store business) about the assignment,
please post in the A2 sub-category. We will have an FAQ post pinned in the A2 sub-category.
Please read the FAQs, the Client Communication and the A2 forum before posting your question,
as your question may have already been answered. Please do not post answers for staff to review
on the forum.
NOTE: Taylor and the Teaching Staff will make every attempt to answer questions promptly
(please allow up to 24 hours)
Extensions:
Due to the assignment structure, late submissions will not be accepted, as solutions might often be
released straight after the due date. However, if there are extenuating circumstances, please
contact your campus lecturer/chief examiner.
Submission process:
● Assignment 2 should only be submitted once via Moodle, by a single member of the team.
Please note that the similarity detection software Turnitin will be enabled.
● If there are multiple files, please merge them into a single pdf file.
● The file name of the submission should follow this format:
• FIT2001_Assignment2_Team[yourTeamID].pdf
• e.g. FIT2001_Assignment2_Team96.pdf
● All team members are responsible for the final submission, and therefore every team member
should be involved throughout and should review the final version prior to its submission.
● Each team member must accept the declaration statement on Moodle. Failure to do so will
result in your assignment not being submitted correctly, and thus not being marked.
● How to submit:
To submit the assignment - ONE TEAM MEMBER
● Click on 'Assignment 2 - Requirements Gathering Submission'
● To submit a pdf copy of the assignment - click on 'Add submission'
● Click on 'Submit Assignment'
● When at the digital coversheet 'Confirm Submission' statement
● Tick the 'I accept student statement' box, click on 'Continue'
To confirm submission - MUST BE DONE BY ALL OTHER TEAM MEMBERS, otherwise the
assignment submission will not be finalised
● Click on 'Assignment 2 - Requirements Gathering Submission'
● Click on 'Submit Assignment'
● When at the digital coversheet 'Confirm Submission' statement
● Tick the 'I accept student statement' box, click on 'Continue'
Once all team members have gone through this process, the assignment is successfully submitted

ASSIGNMENT REQUIREMENTS
This assignment will help you understand, model, and document the business requirements of the
system desired by Luxe Fashion Store.
Use the ‘Luxe Fashion Detailed System Description’ and the associated sample forms and data files
(See Assignment 2 submission of FIT2001 Moodle site), and the feedback you received during the
User Story Mapping Workshop to complete the following tasks.
Assumptions: Please make sure to put any assumptions or notes made for each of the tasks
USER STORY MAPPING (34%)
Software requirements: Please ensure that you have signed up for MIRO using your Monash email
address. You should have been invited to a Team MIRO Board for your story mapping activity
labelled 2025S1_TTeamNo_A2_StoryMap (e.g. 2025S1_T88_A2_StoryMap). You can create
additional boards within your MIRO Team for any other team activities.
Story mapping help: Please review the Story Mapping Example Video in Week 5 Applied.
The User Story Mapping section of the assignment is as follows:
● Story Mapping Workshop (18%)
+ (Minus 50% of individual mark for USER STORY MAPPING for non-attendance at
workshop)
o Develop a DRAFT User Story Map and detailed User Stories using the detailed
description of the system and sample forms. This User Story Map should include:
▪ All User Journeys for the Luxe Fashion Store System
▪ All Epics for all the User Journeys you identified above
▪ All the complete/detailed User Stories (Titles, User Stories and Acceptance
Criteria) for the following two User Journeys.
1. Process new stock
2. Return unsold stock
o Your DRAFT User Story Map and detailed User Stories should be as complete as you can
possibly make it, given the information you have BEFORE you attend your Story
Mapping Workshop with your client.
Use the MIRO Board labelled 2025S1_TTeamNo_A2_StoryMap to document your story
map and user stories
o Conduct a Story Mapping Workshop (approx. 15 minutes) with your client to review and
confirm your DRAFT User Story Map and User Stories
o Your tutor/client will take a copy of your DRAFT Story Map before your Story Mapping
Workshop
o NOTE: The Story Mapping Workshop must be conducted by Week 7, to give you enough
time to complete all the assignment tasks using the information gathered during the
workshop.
● Finalise User Story Map (16%)
o Using the detailed description, sample forms, and feedback from the workshop,
continue working on the same MIRO Board labelled 2025S1_TTeamNo_A2_StoryMap to
finalise your story map and user stories. Consult with your client (marking tutor) if you
have further questions in regards to the business requirements. 

For each of the sections below, please refer to the “FIT2001 Assignment 2 Assessment Criteria.pdf”
for more details.
SYSTEM OVERVIEW (4%)
Write a System Overview to provide a brief overview of the business, the background and
rationale for the project and the system capabilities and benefits. It is made up of the following
sections:
● Project description
This section will provide some background about the client and a brief history of the
circumstances leading up to the project. It should state the reasons why the client wants the
system built or modified. This should be stated in a way that makes clear the nature of the
information needs and/or problems that the system is to address.
● System capabilities
This section briefly describes the main functional and non-functional requirements of the
future NEW system that you expect to provide to the client.
● Business benefits
This section lists the primary benefits or outcomes that the project is intended to achieve.
Sometimes benefits can be expressed in terms of what might be expected if the project is
not undertaken.
ACTIVITY DIAGRAM (14%)
Using all the information gathered from Luxe Fashion Store, create the Activity diagram (one
diagram only) for the following function for the NEW system:
● Markdown stock
This activity diagram should include all functionalities for the markdown of stock items. It
should only include relevant activities of the markdown process for the 8 weeks
consignment period.
NOTE: We recommend the use of Lucidchart (limited) or Diagrams.net (free) to draw your Activity
Diagram. You may use other tools but please check with your tutors first.
USE CASE DIAGRAM (17%)
Create the Use Case diagram for the NEW Luxe Fashion Store System. The model should include
all relevant actors, show the relationships between actors and use cases, and any relationships
between use cases.
NOTE 1: You are not required to complete the Use Case descriptions.
NOTE 2: You can choose to do one diagram or multiple diagrams to represent the system.
NOTE 3: We recommend the use of Lucidchart (limited) or Diagrams.net (free) to draw your Use
Case Diagram. You may use other tools but please check with your tutors first.
DOMAIN MODEL CLASS DIAGRAM (26%)
Create the Domain model class diagram for the NEW Luxe Fashion Store System. The model
should include all relevant domain classes, show their attributes, relationships and relationship
multiplicities.
NOTE: We recommend the use of Lucidchart (limited) or Diagrams.net (free) to draw your Class
Diagram. You may use other tools but please check with your tutors first.
REPORT PRESENTATION AND TEAM ASSIGNMENT PROJECT MANAGEMENT (5%)
● Assignment 2 should be submitted in a Report format – See FAQs for format details.
● For the Team Assignment Project Management, please refer to the section “Assignment planning and management:” of this document.

ASSIGNMENT DELIVERABLES
Assignment 2 has 4 separate deliverables:
1. DRAFT User Story Map including all detailed user stories via MIRO for Story Mapping
Workshop.
Your tutor will take a copy of your Miro Board at your workshop – you are not required to
submit anything on Moodle.
2. FINAL User Story Map including all detailed user stories via MIRO on submission date.
Your tutor will take a copy of your Miro Board on submission date – you are not required to
submit anything on Moodle.
3. A single report submitted via Moodle on submission date.
It should include the following assignment sections, including any assumptions/notes made for
each section:
● System Overview
● Activity Diagram
● Use Case Diagram (NOT Use Case Descriptions)
● Domain Model Class Diagram
4. Team Assignment Project Management Board via Trello
Your tutor will access your Trello board (from time to time) to review your assignment
management – you are not required to submit anything on Moodle.
FeedbackFruits - Self and Peer Assessment
The system will only open for one day after the due date of the assignment, so that you can
adequately reflect on your own performance and that of your team members. Failure to
complete the peer assessment by the due date will most likely result in a failed assignment.
Academic Integrity
Generative AI tools cannot be used in this assessment task
In this assessment, you must not use generative artificial intelligence (AI) to generate any
materials or content in relation to the assessment task.