ASSIGNMENT INFORMATION
Title: Prototyping, Usability & Interface Design
Due Dates:
Assignment 3 – Prototyping, Usability &
Interface Design
● Prototypes & Persona
● Demonstration of Prototypes
Due: Sunday 25 May, 2025, 4:30pm
Due: During Week 12 Applied session –
 Week beginning 26 May, 2025
 Self and Peer Assessment 3
Due: Week 12 - After Demonstration at
 Applied session – at the latest by
 Friday 30 May, 2025 4:30pm
Group Assignment: You will complete this assignment in your allocated team.
IMPORTANT NOTE: Marks for individual team members may vary based on peer
assessment, tutor observation and discussion with the group. All team members must
complete the self and peer assessment for the assignment. Failure to complete the peer
assessment by the due date will most likely result in a fail mark for the assignment.
Value:
Assignment 3 is worth 14% of the final mark.
This assignment will give you the opportunity to integrate and develop your analytical,
modelling, and communication skills. Specifically, it will help you to:
● understand the value of prototyping in identifying and documenting user
requirements accurately and completely;
● develop your interface design skills, considering functional requirements, personas,
standards, and usability and interface design principles; and
● develop your presentation and communication skills.
Assignment outline:
You have been given the task of gathering and documenting the requirements for a new
information system for the Luxe Fashion Store using prototyping to understand and
confirm the business requirements and design the system interfaces.
Assessment criteria:
A detailed marking scheme is available in the Assignments section on Moodle. We highly
recommend you review the marking scheme before commencing the assignment.
Assignment help:
Students are encouraged to post questions about the system and the assignment on the
Ed Stem forums. Please continue using the Client Communication section for any
requirements related questions, and using the A3 section for assignment questions. We 

will have an FAQ post pinned in the A3 section. Please read the Assignment 3 FAQs, the
Client Communication and the A3 forums before posting your question, as your question
may have already been answered. Please do not post answers for staff to review on the
forum.
NOTE: Staff will make every attempt to answer questions promptly – NOT necessarily
immediately. Please note that Dr. Lee may not be available during the weekend.
Assignment planning and management:
Assignment planning and management must be done using the Trello Kanban project
management tool. Failure to actively use Trello will result in a reduction in your Team
Assignment Project Management mark.
Extensions:
If there are extenuating circumstances that require an extension, please contact your
lecturer and make a Special Consideration request to Central.
Submission process:
● Assignment 3 should only be submitted once via Moodle, by a single member of the
team. Please note that the similarity detection software Turnitin will be enabled.
● If there are multiple files, please merge them into a single pdf file.
● The file name of the submission should follow this format:
o FIT2001_Assignment3_Team[yourTeamID].pdf
o e.g. FIT2001_Assignment2_Team96.pdf
● All team members are responsible for the final submission, and therefore every team
member should be involved throughout and should review the final version prior to its
submission.
● Each team member must accept the declaration statement on Moodle. Failure to do
so will result in your assignment not being submitted correctly, and thus not being
marked.
● How to submit:
To submit the assignment - ONE TEAM MEMBER
● Click on 'Assignment 3 - Prototyping, Usability & Interface Design submission'
● To submit a pdf copy of the assignment - click on 'Add submission'
● Click on 'Submit Assignment'
● When at the digital coversheet 'Confirm Submission' statement
● Tick the 'I accept student statement' box, click on 'Continue'
To confirm submission - MUST BE DONE BY ALL OTHER TEAM MEMBERS, otherwise the
assignment submission will not be finalised
● Click on 'Assignment 3 - Prototyping, Usability & Interface Design submission’
● Click on 'Submit Assignment'
● When at the digital coversheet 'Confirm Submission' statement
● Tick the 'I accept student statement' box, click on 'Continue'
Once all team members have gone through this process, the assignment is successfully
submitted. 

ASSIGNMENT REQUIREMENTS
This assignment will help you understand and develop prototypes of the business
requirements of the system desired by the Luxe Fashion Store.
Use the ‘Luxe Fashion Store Detailed System Description’ and the associated sample
files/forms (See Assignment 2 section of FIT2001 Moodle site), and the responses from the
client in the Ed Discussion Client Communication sub-category, to complete the following
tasks.
Assumptions: Please make sure to note any assumptions made for each of the tasks.
PROTOTYPING (73%)
Construct complete interface mock-up prototypes (wireframe models) for the following
business functionality:
● Process new stock
o Create new stock (Staff view)
o Finalise sale price (Staff view)
o Finalise markdown schedule (Staff view)
o Manage stocking fee payment (Staff view)
● Return unsold stock
o Identify unsold items (Staff view)
▪ Notes: Staff will review the unsold items before organising the client to
pick up their unsold items.
o Organise client pickup of unsold items (Staff view)
o Organise removal of items not picked up by client (Staff view)
● Manage consignment client
o Register new client (Individual and Business Client views)
o Sign in (Client view)
o Archive client account (Staff view)
NOTES:
● The “view” in the bracket represents the perspective of the actor who/which initiates
the function. E.g. “Client view” represents Client is the type of user who initiates (or
performs) the function.
● Assume that feedback, reminder and resource data are already in the system ready to be
used as required
The purpose of the prototypes is to show that you understand the system requirements for
the required business functionality, and have thought about error handling, messages,
standards, usability and human computer interaction principles in your design. Note that
insights from the Week 8 materials will be valuable, as will the following resources:
● https://asktog.com/atc/principles-of-interaction-design/
● https://www.cs.umd.edu/users/ben/goldenrules.html
● https://www.nngroup.com/articles/ten-usability-heuristics/

You must include:
● The prototypes for the required business functionality
● A brief description of how each screen works (use Applied 9 student support
material as a guide as to how you can do this – it is NOT meant to be a proper,
detailed user guide). You must include ALL error messages and any other messages
associated with the functionality of the screens.
● The Individual Client persona to assist with the development of some of your
interfaces – you will need to make assumptions as you cannot conduct the
research
● A research plan to create your persona - a brief description (no more than 300
words) of the research you would conduct and analysis you would do if it was
possible
You may use any tool you wish to create the mock-ups of the system. Please ensure that
your tool will be available for your use for the demonstration of your prototypes in Week
12, as some tools only have a free 30-day trial. You may want to consider one the following
options to develop your prototypes:
Balsamiq (only 30-day trial), Figma, Diagrams.net, Miro, Lucidchart (paid service).
Deliverables:
1. Prototypes – showing each screen, a description of how it works – including all error
messages and any other messages, and all the links between the screens for the
specified functionality
2. A Luxe Fashion Store Individual Client Persona and research plan for developing the
persona. Note: You only need to develop ONE persona.
DEMONSTRATION OF PROTOTYPES (20%)
+ (Minus 50% of individual mark for Assignment 3 for non-attendance at demonstration)
Using the prototypes you have created and submitted, demonstrate/explain to your client
how the prototypes work and how all their business needs are addressed. Discuss the
functionality in terms of the various personas (users) using the system.
Please note the following:
● ALL members of each team must participate in the presentation - we would like all of
you to get the opportunity to practise your presentation skills;
● You must consider the most logical and concise way to present your prototypes within
the 15 minutes time frame - Practice together as a team to ensure that you meet the
time requirement, as your presentation will be stopped at the 15-minute mark and you
will be assessed on whatever you have presented during that time.
● You will be assessed on your prototypes based on the assessment criteria you have
been given. The tutors will be assessing your prototypes during the presentation, and
will also use your uploaded prototypes to finalise your mark;
● You have ~15 minutes to demonstrate your prototypes 

Deliverable (for the presentation slides):
● You are not required to hand in anything for this component of the assignment.
● Attendance at the demonstration is mandatory. Failure to attend the demonstration
without a valid reason and appropriate evidence, will result in a 50% reduction of your
final individual mark for Assignment 3.
REPORT PRESENTATION AND TEAM ASSIGNMENT PROJECT MANAGEMENT (5%)
● Assignment 3 should be submitted in a basic Report format – See Assessment criteria for
details.
● For the Team Assignment Project Management, please refer to the section “Assignment
planning and management:” on page 2 of this document.
FeedbackFruits - Self and Peer Assessment
You must only complete your FeedbackFruits assessment after the Week 12 demonstration of
your prototypes, and before the due date. Failure to complete the peer assessment will most
likely result in a fail mark for the assignment.
Academic Integrity
Generative AI tools cannot be used in this assessment task
In this assessment, you must not use generative artificial intelligence (AI) to generate any
materials or content in relation to the assessment task.

