Luxe Fashion Store Case Study
Preliminary and Detailed System Description

Preliminary System Description
Luxe Fashion Store has been operating since 2015, and is operated by Taylor Woo (they/them). Taylor has
hired a part-time staff to help with the business during busy periods. Taylor has provided the following
preliminary information about the system they would like you to build and is looking forward to meeting
your development team at the first interview you have organised.
____________________________________________________________________________
Luxe Fashion is my fashionable handbags and accessories store located at Melbourne Road, Melbourne.
We specialise in seconds, pre-owned and well-known Brand and Vintage handbags and accessories (such
as LV (Louis Vuitton), Chanel, Hermes and many more).
Over time, we have developed a broad and loyal customer base, with most of our customers aged 25-60,
who return to our store regularly. We have also developed a strong presence in the local area and
undertake a range of advertising and marketing initiatives (such as print advertisement, direct SMS
communication, Instagram, Facebook and visual merchandising of our windows) to further build and
engage our customer base. We have also established good manual internal business processes, but feel
that the timing is right to automate some of our processes as many of the things we do are very time
consuming.
We take stock from two types of clients - individual clients who want to sell their second-hand bags and
accessories etc., and business clients who want to sell out-of-season stock. We take their stock on
consignment (meaning we take responsibility for selling their stock) for 8 weeks, and take a commission
on any sales made. The stock is currently managed manually. For the new system, we want to focus on
automating most of (if not all) the processes associated with the stock. This includes automating processes
such as:
● trying to source new stock from our existing clients,
● entering new stock into the system,
● marking down of stock’s price if it does not sell,
● entering the outcome of any sales (including paying the client),
● returning stock to clients if it does not get sold in the 8-week period, and
● donating to the Salvos if clients do not come to pick up their stock (or if they choose this outcome
in advance).
I would like the new system to help me manage these processes, so I know exactly where I am with stock
at any given time. 

Detailed System Description
Currently, when a client walks into the store with their stock, the first thing I do is to check if they are a
new client. If they are new, I get them to complete a client form - either business or individual (see Client
Forms in the Sample files folder), allocate a client number to them, and put their details in a spreadsheet
(see Client Data File in the Sample files folder), so that I can easily find client details when I need them. I
give them a client card with their client number on it. They must have a registered PayPal account to
facilitate payment for their sold stock, before I will accept any stock from them. I get their Paypal ID from
them.
In the new system, we would like our clients to do this registration process online so that they can view
the status of their stock at any given time. This will save us time, as we won’t have to deal with endless
queries on the phone. Once they register and their account is active, we would like them to be able to
login to view their personal details and change their details at any time if they need to, change their
password if they want to, and view their stock history. For each stock item they have given to the store
they should be able to view a complete description of their stock item and the history of that particular
stock item (e.g. markdown, sold, returned, etc.) and anything else we think is useful for them. Clients
should not be able to delete their account. If they want to delete their account, they should put in a
request to me by filling in an online form and reasons for deleting/archiving their account. We would then
delete/archive their account based on their request.
Currently, the first thing I do when processing new stock brought in by our clients, is to review the stock
to check its suitability for sale in my store. If I think it can sell, I take it on consignment, assign a stock
number, and complete the consignment form (see Consignment Form in the Sample files folder). I also
take a photo of the item, and staple it to the form. Sometimes I take a few photos to get all the details
(such as a close up of the tag or logo). I then put the consignment form in the ‘Selling folder’ in stock
number order, and put the stock on the shelf/rack. The client pays a 5% (of the asking price) stocking fee
per item. This must be paid in full before the item will be stocked. If the client has brought in a number of
items, I just give them one receipt for payment of all the stocking fees for all the stock they have brought
in at that time. I would like all stock information stored in the new system, and for accounting purposes
I need to know the payment details as well.
I would also like to help my clients decide on a sale price and markdown schedule for their stock. As such,
I want to be able to search in the new system to find similar items and check their selling price and
markdown history, to provide better advice to my clients.
I would also like to email all my clients requesting stock when I am running low in the store. Again, I would
like this done automatically based on the number of stock items currently in the store. It would be good
if we could set up some sort of email template, and then maybe the new system could do some sort of
mail merge with the client data and send out personalised emails requesting stock. I would like to keep
track of the email notifications sent to clients. I would also like to look at the number of stock items I have

of a particular brand, as I often get queries from customers about whether I have particular brands in
stock. They sometimes also enquire about a particular stock type e.g. wallet, jewelleries, etc.
Currently, if a stock does not sell, I generally mark it down to try to sell it. All stock markdowns are done
manually. On Monday each week, I go through the ‘Selling folder’, and mark down stock based on the
client’s markdown schedule for the item. The schedule is agreed upon when the client hands over the
stock. The standard is that the stock is reduced by 5% each week, and I write it on the consignment form,
but some clients request not to have their stock marked down. So basically, I start with the current date
and the sale price, and then write down the expected markdown dates and the markdown sale price, if
they are willing to markdown the stock. This should all be automated in the new system. If I move the
location of the item (e.g. to the Bargain Bin section), I change the shelf location on the consignment form
as well. When an item is marked down I write the date on the consignment form (See Consignment Form
in the Sample files folder), so that I know that it has been marked down, and because sometimes it is done
on a different date to the one specified in the schedule. This process is extremely tedious and very time
consuming, and so I would like this process to be automated. It would also be great to have a printed
report of all the markdown stock, which includes stock description, location of the stock in the store, and
new price stickers. That would make the whole markdown process much easier.
My sales process has already been automated, and I print out the Daily Sales Report (see Daily Sales Report
in the Sample files folder) at the end of the day and add the sale price and date of sale, to the consignment
forms for all sold consignment items, and move the forms to the ‘Sold folder’. Once the new system is
implemented, the sales system will integrate with this new system, and update the new system with sales
information - sales ID, sale price and sale date as soon as it happens.
Currently, at the start of each week on Monday when the store is closed, I do all the administration. I use
PayPal to pay the clients for any of their items that were sold during the previous week, and move the
consignment forms to the ‘Paid folder’. The amount paid to the client is the sale price minus my
commission for the sale. This commission is 20% of the final sale price for individuals and is a negotiated
percentage for business clients, which is decided when they first become clients. I would like this process
to be managed in the new system.
On Monday each week, I also remove all stock items that have not sold for 8 weeks. I move the relevant
consignment forms to the ‘Unsold folder’ and also email the client to organise pick-up of their stock, and
let them know that if they do not pick up their stock in approximately 4 weeks, I will donate the stock to
the Salvos. I put the expected ‘pick up date’ on the form. When the stock is picked up, I write the date in
the collected date field on the form and move the form to the ‘Collected folder’. When the stock is donated
to the Salvos, I put the date in the ‘Donated date’. Again, I would like some of this to happen
automatically.
Lastly, I would like the new system to allow me to generate the “return” report (at any time) that includes
the unsold items and items that need to be returned to clients. 
Notes:
● A client is a person who wants to sell their items to our customers via our store.
● A customer is a person who buys items from our store.
● No part of the system will be used by our customers in this version of the new system.
● Customers are told that they cannot return stock, so we do not have to manage returns/refunds
in the new system. 